[D2IQ-71518] Remove historical Addon revisions; adapt docs and CI check (#528)
mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Addon Revisions

For Addons, "revisions" are a reference to the application version with an added revision count which indicates the latest iteration on that version. This enables multiple different versions of an Addon which ultimately utilize the same underlying application version so that configuration and other aspects of the Addon can change without overriding a previously released Addon.

> The [Kubeaddons Catalog API](https://github.com/mesosphere/kubeaddons) supports two different modes for addon repositories to host revisions:

Reviewer: Do we really want to call this "Catalog API"? I'd prefer "Kubeaddons controller". I for myself think of github.com/mesosphere/kommander-catalog-api when I hear "Catalog API".

```suggestion
The [Kubeaddons controller](https://github.com/mesosphere/kubeaddons) supports two different modes for addon repositories to host revisions:
```

Author: The Kubeaddons Catalog API is the Go API at mesosphere/kubeaddons/pkg, so I generally think of this as correct :thinking: it's not specifically an aspect of the controller which this relates to.

Reviewer: If you insist on the "Catalog" terminology here, would you mind changing the link to point to the specific Go API that you're referring to here?

Author: Sure thing
```suggestion
The [Kubeaddons Catalog API](https://github.com/mesosphere/kubeaddons/tree/master/pkg/catalog) supports two different modes for addon repositories to host revisions:
```

* single file mode: a single file for the addon exists at `addons/<addon-name>/<addon-name>.yaml` and the revision for that addon must be adjusted forward when any changes are made

> * multi file mode: each new revision is a separate file, and you can structure this like `addons/<addon-name>/<app-version>/<addon-name>-<revision>.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* multi file mode: each new revision is a separate file, and you can structure this like `addons/<addon-name>/<app-version>/<addon-name>-<revision>.yaml`. However, there's no obligation to follow this pattern as the Kubeaddons controller will consider every valid Addon manifest it finds in the directory hierarchy.
```

AFAIK this is the correct behaviour. Please correct me if I'm wrong.

> In this repository we use single file mode because that Catalog API is not used in such a way that we need to bother searching the historical revisions (this repository is predominantly used by Konvoy which does it's versioning for Addons based on Git).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this repository we use single file mode because that Kubeaddons controller is not used in such a way that we need to bother searching the historical revisions (this repository is predominantly used by Konvoy which does it's versioning for Addons based on Git).
```

Author: It's not a factor of the Controller which governs this, it is the go API
